Jeff is a Microsoft MVP and an internationally recognized online influencer, analyst, and expert on all things web collaboration, enterprise social networking, and enterprise IT strategy and has been named one of the top SharePoint and Office 365 personalities for past five years. He is called a character with character and an early adopter of enterprise 2.0 technologies, social media content and marketing, e-commerce; community building, change management, and engagement.

Jeff has shared his insights, experiences, and advice around collaboration, knowledge management, social computing, intranets and portals, governance, user adoption and training at many industry events around the world. Highly ethical and engaging with an uncanny business acumen, he is a creative community builder and outside the box thinker. Long term business relationships throughout the world within internal communications, employee engagement and marketing as well as IT. Focusing on Financial, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Agency and Professional Services, as well as the Fortune 1000. He has defined, architected, implemented and been a part of well over a hundred SharePoint and ECM(EPiServer, Sitecore, Kentico and CrownPeak) solutions from small implementations on a single server to over 80,000+ user implementations in international organizations, where user adoption and engagement were key metrics to success.

Specialties: Ability to link IT solutions to business value by creating transformational value propositions for SharePoint, social business, Interactive design and user experience, brand strategy, mobile applications and experiences, CRM(Salesforce.com, Microsoft Dynamics), online branding, online marketing, experience design, social networking and media, collaboration, B2B. Monetize Social Media applications, YAMMER, Twitter and Facebook. Worldwide Speaker. Social Media Strategist. Trainer and Office 365 communities and groups.